Add/universal login (#9038)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/migration.md

Complete all of these items to ensure your <Constant name="dbt" /> resources and jobs will continue working without interruption.

Use one of these URL login options:

> - [https://login.dbt.com](https://login.dbt.com) &mdash; Universal login shows accounts you can access across instances. Account administrators can enable or disable this path with **Enable global account discovery** in [Account settings](/docs/cloud/account-settings#enable-global-account-discovery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [https://login.dbt.com](https://login.dbt.com): Universal login shows the accounts you can access across instances. Account administrators can enable or disable this path with **Enable global account discovery** in [Account settings](/docs/cloud/account-settings#enable-global-account-discovery).
```

Reviewer: Amended the mdash for consistency - the other bullet has a colon

> - `us1.dbt.com`. If you were previously logging in with a username and password at `cloud.getdbt.com`, you should instead plan to log in at us1.dbt.com. The original URL will still work, but you’ll have to click through to be redirected upon login. If you have single sign-on configured, you will use the unique URL listed in the SSO account settings (ex: `ACCOUNT_PREFIX.us1.dbt.com`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `us1.dbt.com`: If you previously signed in with a username and password at `cloud.getdbt.com`, plan to sign in at `us1.dbt.com` instead. The original URL still works, but you need to click through to continue after sign-in. If SSO is configured, use the unique URL listed in your SSO account settings, for example, `ACCOUNT_PREFIX.us1.dbt.com`.
```
